    HOME
    Blogs
    Quotes
    About Me
    Stories
    Topics and Categories
    Resources
    Services & Contact Info
    Defend Nature

About Me

Learn more about me: my resourcefulness, beliefs and inspirations.
View Pages
Welcome dear reader,
The Path Into the Future
Intro

    My name is Andrea Estrada and I welcome everyone to
 my site - please refrain from disgraceful
 behavior & rude judgement as well.

  Those things are unneccesary here.
 I also hope everyone who comes here remains open-
 minded & positive with love and
    enthusiasm for all. (Just try it once,
 that certainly couldn't hurt you.)

Multiple Reasons to grow..

I write blogs for multiple reasons....

    Bring everyone the knowledge &/or resources they desire;
    Thoroughly spread awareness about the voices who remain unheard & unnoticed;
    Expand my knowledge and experience so I can continue to help
    others using guidance and wisdom not just from or for myself
    Eventually to obtain some money to support me, my future
    family, as well as my current and future communities

I know this page and many blogs will have a lot of quotes but each quote has its own unique purpose. A message to be spread; for anyone to hear; for everyone to listen; & to those whom never wondered..

Before you continue reading I want you to know that I use the words "we", "us", "they/their" & "our" as referring to humans & humanity as a general whole - frequently used throughout my website.

Believe it or not but being positive and compassionate as a whole every day can even bring a great lifestyle to a whole different level.

No matter the lifestyle we have all just want to survive through the days, weeks, months and years of our simplistic yet complicated lives.

the search and quest for knowledge exists for a purpose and is in no way intended to be negative journey.
Inspiration, Integrity & Imagination are everything!
Inspiration Is Found Everywhere!!

I am many things, but most of all I am a lifelong inspired student.
Compassion beyond the stars!!

I am overly compassionate & I absolutely love knitting, crochet, yoga,
reading, and animals.
There is so much more that I regularly do
besides those few things which is described on the next page at: Curiosity and Learning, A Tried & True Partnership.

    There is no good in this world without
    the real will to do good.

I have chosen to live with compassion for all living things. As well as to live with a heart full of light, positivity and possibilities.

That does not mean that my life has only been full of positivity.
For positivity and negativity have an unseen balance;

An equal connection of harmony between cause and effect.

Where one exists so does the other.

Be truthful and honest, even (especially) in your weakest moments you
can find an advantage with the truth.
Integrity

I am inspired to help the world understand that having integrity
( and actually using it regularly)
can make a world of difference for multiple communities, not just us as individuals.

I have learned to find inspiration in every day life. I use my curiosity
and creativity in all I do and that gives all the more meaning to all that inspires me. I could not
imagine my life without such beautiful inspiration since it is so very meaningful to me;

At times it keeps me on my toes too!

    Imagination is the highest form of research.
    ~ Albert Einstein

Especially since not everyone can seem to find that daily inspiration, even for their hardest work;

They only need to realize that it has been lurking nnoticed within sight, as they conduct business, travel, work, play & love.

One must enjoy what life and their actions serve them and find the inspiration to better themselves and help others when they can.

A simple way I find inspiration is from quotes.


    To lose patience is to lose the battle.
    ~ MAHATMA GANDHI 

    Two things define you: Your patience when you have nothing and your attitude when you have everything.
    ~ George Bernard Shaw 

Patience & Balance

Have patience for time is the only permanent key to happiness and success.
Weigh your choices :

Choose what's best for your needs, not your wants

No matter what each positive action comes back around; Especially when you need it most..

Same goes for those negative actions; Except they come around when least expected; As a surprise no doubt...

All remains good when one remains in good standing(harmony) with the balance of the universe:

In place of a repercussion you might earn or receive a reward for your efforts....
Lucky or Not

We each individually strive to aim for success. Success for our families and ourselves.

You get what you give and you give for the betterment of everyone. You give what you can when you can. Even when you are deprived of a need the right time will come for
it to be fulfilled.
Choose Page or Topic to read
Pages:

    Before
    1
    2
    3
    4
    After
